Add the compiler-side and tests of the SYCL-like AIE++ API (#230)
triSYCL/sycl: sycl/tools/aie-intrinsic/CMakeLists.txt

# Intrisics are only know to the chess compiler. but not our compiler.

> # So to be able to use them we build this librairy with the chess compiler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Part of the LLVM Project, under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.
# See https://llvm.org/LICENSE.txt for license information.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception

# AIE intrinsics are only known to the chess compiler and not to our compiler.
# Thus, to be able to use them, we build this library with the Synopsys Chess compiler
```

#  containing all the intrinsics we use and link it with our device code in sycl-chess.

set_source_files_properties(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/aie-intrinsic.cpp ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/aie-intrinsic.h)

add_custom_command(OUTPUT ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/include/sycl/aie-intrinsic.h
                   COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E copy ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/aie-intrinsic.h ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/include/sycl/aie-intrinsic.h
                   DEPENDS ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/aie-intrinsic.h)

add_custom_command(OUTPUT ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/lib/aie-intrinsic.o
                   COMMAND xchesscc -p me -C Release_LLVM -d -f -c -o ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/lib/aie-intrinsic.o ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/aie-intrinsic.cpp
                   DEPENDS ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/aie-intrinsic.cpp ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/aie-intrinsic.h

>                    COMMENT "Built aie intrisics lib")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                   COMMENT "Built AIE intrinsics library")
```
